[MUSIC]
>> Aaron Frost: There is some,
remember I said it is a little bit up for
discussion still?
Take a look at it real quick,
I'm gonna zoom in on it.
>> Aaron Frost: So
around the calls to super(),
this might change a little bit.
So what they're thinking is, and
I actually wanted to ask everyone here
because I just barely found this out.
And I just barely found it out because
they just barely are talking about it.
This is brand new, this is still
subject to change on classes.
So when we say this thing's
still being talked about,
it's totally still being
talked about as we speak.
So the thought is,
if I have this Godzilla class
that extends Monster and
someone calls attack() on Godzilla.
And I wanna do some Godzilla things, but
I also want to call my super.attack().
Does it make more sense
just to call super() or
does it make more sense
to call super.attack()?
That was I wanted to ask you guys, cuz
that's what's clearly up for discussion.
So the argument is if you're in
the attack method and you call super(),
it should look for the parent class and
just call the function of the same name.
That's what some people are saying.
So they think that the super
just calling super() is good.
And other people are like just dropping
the word super in random places doesn't
make any sense to me,
I want you to make me say super.attack().
So, what do you guys think?
>> Off Camera 1: If you wanted to do
a different super function, right,
how the prepare to attack method on super.
>> Aaron Frost: Yeah well you could
always call it.
If it's a different function name you
don't really run the risk of calling
this dot prepare for attack, right?
You would be fine if you said,
you could say, this dot prepare for
attack because that's not cyclical,
that's a totally another function.
We're just talking about the two
that are called the same thing.
If I call this dot that attack,
I'm effed, right?
Cuz it's just going to start all over.
So the question is specifically around
the two methods is called the same thing.
>> Off Camera 1: I prefer the first.
>> Aaron Frost: You prefer the first,
yeah, yeah.
>> Off Camera 2: Or
you're overriding basically the attack()
function but what if your super class
doesn't do certain things that you
want the attack() function to do?
Like if you attack, you also want to
subtract from your action point pool.
But you have a separate function that
would subtract from the action point pool
[CROSSTALK].
So you could do super dot-
>> Aaron Frost: Exactly, but
what if you have like a really good
dodger, that was like, hey dude,
I'm gonna dodge stuff as I attack,
I don't know.
So my attack() method here is incomplete,
you could have more code
beside just calling super.
I could have code that could
like do a million things,
and then call super to attack.
Or what if you just want to call three
super functions, but not have any
of those functions on your extended class?
>> Off Camera 1: That's
how you'd call this guy.
>> Aaron Frost: Yeah I see what
you're saying.
And if that's something that would make
sense, and I'm not sure that it does, and
I'm not sure that doesn't.
I just haven't thought about it, but
if that was what it was then this
the super.attack() would be better, right?
The dot syntax would better
than just the super syntax.
Anyway guys see these guys,
these super smart people
they sit at the TC39 things and they're
like, they talk about that like at length.
We talked about a for
five minutes and I'm done.
Like I already want to give up and
go home.
They talk about this and
they email about it for like days, okay?
So this is what the TC39 does.
So this is something
that still subject for
change which is why I'm not
going to teach it to you.
Like I just wanted to point out that
that's a thing that might change,
make sense?
Okay, all right?
>> Aaron Frost: You
can't use it before it's been it's
like let like it's looks like.
It's not gonna.
Okay, what I meant to say it's
not going to get hoisted, okay?
So if you have class Bar{} on line ten,
and you try and new one up on line one,
you are gonna get an error
because they don't hoist.
At least they shouldn't hoist.
You guys might try it out on tracer and
it works, but they shouldn't hoist.
So if no constructor default behavior,
yeah, so
if you don't have a If you
don't have it is a constructor.
Like let's say you just make
a class called foo, and
you don't give it a constructor.
Or you're like foo, and
it extends something else.
If you don't give it a constructor,
it's gonna do the same thing that
we're used to other languages doing,
which is just calling the super
constructor and passing in the arguments.
So that's all it's gonna do.
So it will implement default behavior
when a constructor is absent.
But if it's a class as we
talked about in sugar.
I think it's easier to learn for
newbs too, though,
like the some of us have i really honed
our skills on prototypes and I sometimes
look at my classes my prototypes and
I'm like, that is beautiful.
I've done a great job today.
But I think for for new people for
people just learning the language,
which hopefully we get a lot
more JavaScript learners.
I think it's a good thing,
I think classes will help.
>> Aaron Frost: I think especially
subclassing, specifically, I think it
will make it easier for new people.
You can also subclass built in stuff.
Some of the benefits.
I think it will make code ports between
languages a little bit easier too.
Just to compile,
I think will make JavaScript a better
compiled to language,personally.
And I talked about the possible
perf games long term if
if we got rid of function constructors and
only use classes.
You could see some, I don't know,
I think big big performance gains if
all functions lost their constructor.
But yeah, that's classes,
we did it, we good?
Any questions, online?
No Okay.
Let's go ahead and try it out real quick.
So go ahead and try and
build something in parallel,
a prototype and a class.
Or like for some method
implementation from Super, try that.
Maybe someone could like,
extend array and make it so
that calling array.push() returns
the instance of the array so
that you can like chain your calls to it.
You know what I'm saying?
So you could do like,
kinda like how you can in Lodash,
like array.map.filter.blah.
Well actually you can with those ones but
not with like push and pop but, anyway